feat: monitoring gc performance with signposts (#4203)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/native/native-memory-manager.md

### Monitor GC performance

To monitor the GC performance, you can look through its logs and diagnose issues. To enable logging,
set the following compiler option in the Gradle build script:

```none
-Xruntime-logs=gc=info
```

Currently, the logs are only printed to `stderr`.

On Apple platforms, you can take advantage of the Xcode Instruments toolkit to debug iOS app performance.
The garbage collector reports pauses with signposts available in Instruments.

> Signposts allow for custom logging within your app, so you can check if a GC pause corresponds to the application freeze.

Reviewer: Suggestion (up to you):

Signposts enable custom logging within your app, allowing you to check if a GC pause causes an application freeze.

To track GC-related pauses in your app:

> 1. Open Xcode, go to **Product** | **Profile** or press <shortcut>Cmd + I</shortcut>. This will compile your app and
>    launch Instruments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open Xcode, go to **Product** | **Profile** or press <shortcut>Cmd + I</shortcut>. This action compiles your app and
   launches Instruments.
```

2. In the template selection, select **os_signpost**.
3. Configure it by specifying `org.kotlinlang.native.runtime` as **subsystem** and `safepoint` as **category**.

> 4. Click the red record button to run your app and start recording signpost events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click the red record button to run your app and start recording signpost events:
```
